1. The system should be split into three microservices:
 a) An agent microservice which defines the desired behaviors
 b) An LLM microservice which powers the agent microservice
 c) A backend microservice which implements tools for the agent such as the math evaluation and Wikipedia data fetching.

2. Create an LLM microservice which will power our agent.
2.1 Create a local Ollama instance.
2.2 Pull a lightweight LLM model that supports tool use and our JSON output formats.
2.3 Create a dockerfile for the microservice and a top-level docker compose. 
If the local model does not work well, we can try a more powerful paid model i.e. OpenAI / Anthropic.

3. Create the beginning agent microservice.
3.1 Stand up a basic python LangChain agent and connect it to our LLM microservice. Make our agent reachable via FastAPI server.
3.2 Implement the "Signal handshake and verification" task.
3.2.1 Neon will verify our identity and credentials. It will ask us to respond on a specific frequency or enter the vessel authorization code.
We must respond with our code "32ebf047628f89ab" in the enter digits format i.e. { "type": "enter_digits", "digits": "32ebf047628f89ab" } .
3.3 Create a dockerfile for the microservice and update the docker compose file.
3.4 Add a basic test which validates the "Signal handshake and verification" functionality on test inputs.

4. Implement the backend tool for evaluating mathematical expressions.
4.1 Create a basic JS server.
4.2 Implement an API route which takes a string input to evaluate.
4.2.1 Perform basic validation on the input to avoid remote code execution exploits.
4.2.2 Evaluate the expression and return the result.
4.3 Create a dockerfile for the microservice and update the docker compose file.
4.4 Build the microservice image, and spin up the server.
4.5 Add a basic test which validates the math eval tool functionality on test inputs.

5. Add the "Computational assessments" functionality to the agent
5.1 Add the math eval tool end-point to the agent microservice.
5.2 Add a basic test which validates the "Computational assessments" functionality on test inputs:
Example:
Prompt: "Calculate Math.Floor((7 * 3 + 2) / 5) and transmit the result followed by the pound key."
Response: { "type": "enter_digits", "digits": "4#" }

6. Implement the backend tool for querying Wikipedia
6.1 Add a new endpoint to the backend microservice which takes two inputs: a title (string) and position (int).
This endpoint should then retrieve the text of the Wikipedia article with the corresponding title from the Wikipedia REST endpoint at /page/summary/{title}, split it into individual words, and return the word at position x (i.e., index x-1).
6.2 Add a basic test which validates Wikipedia word fetch tool functionality on test inputs.

7. Add Knowledge Archive Query functionality to the agent.
7.1 Add the Wikipedia tool end-point to the agent microservice.
7.2 Add a basic test which validates the "Archive Query" functionality on test inputs:
Example:
Prompt: "Speak the 8th word in the knowledge entry for Saturn"
Response: { "type": "speak_text", "text": "Sun" }

8. Add "Crew Manifest Transmissions" functionality to the agent.
8.1 Add a plaintext version of my CV as a constant that the LLM can query.
8.2 Add a tool which returns this plaintext CV data for this task.
8.3 Ensure the model respects content length restrictions, add this to the prompt and add a validator / coercion (truncate / pad).
8.4 Add a basic test which validates the "Crew Manifest Transmissions" functionality on test inputs:
Example:
Prompt: "Transmit crew member's recent deployment."
Response: { "type": "speak_text", "text": "Co-founded a Canadian startup called Arise Industries." }

9. Add "Transmission verification" functionality to the agent.
9.1 Add in-memory storage mechanism from LangChain.
9.2 Update the input schema to take an optional thread_id (uuid4) param to enable recall.
9.3 Add a basic test which validates the "Transmission verification" functionality on test inputs.

10. Transmission protocol unscrable.
10.1 Add a pre-processing step to the LLM that re-constructs the inputs to a plaintext prompt.
{“type”:”challenge”, “message”: [{“word”:string, “timestamp”:int}]}
10.1.1 De-serialize input json.
10.1.2 Read message field, and sort array by asencing timestamp.
10.1.3. Join sorted list on space character.
10.2 Add a basic test which validates the unscrable functionality on test inputs.

11. Liftoff!
11.1 Implement a functionality to connect our agent to Neon via websocket at "wss://neonhealth.software/agent-puzzle/challenge".
11.2 Debug any failed checkpoints.
11.3 Drink a diet coke and enter cryogenic stasis?
11.4 ??
11.5 Profit